so let's find out what's going to happen
on Ohana bottom right of the map get
some starts here it is our Terran
players starting for can take gaming and
this is of course lose your phone
starting to the top left is MC Hammer it
is scary im sue your Protoss player in
blue stone the game and once again to
give those players below show that guys
if you want to support them if you want
to follow them on twitter at them MC is
a desk a underscore underscore MHC and
Terran player bottom right is add her on
tape Lucifer on and of course you can
always add the two of us as well give us
a little bit of feedback or just follow
us on Twitter and check the updates
about what's going on Korea a wolf is at
proximal and I myself I'm at calder
pretty easy yeah yeah you guys use this
kind of like gets to like a little bit
weird bug but uh I post I try to post a
lot of pictures of Korea have been a
little bit busy recently but you guys
use Instagram you can follow me there
own proxy wolf as well because try to
post a lot of pictures of Korea and
people ask me about the whole time on
Twitter that's the best place to find
some of my photos well right now we have
the game number two so the series could
be over in a flash if Lucy phone is able
to go to kind of repeat his performance
in the last game if I'm was front here I
just play defensively against MC just
try to play a straight up along game
pressure maybe maybe do the same budget
last game well this time he's not going
for the double barracks opening that he
started again starting on this map way
went for the proxy potting was to be too
successful with that so he crushed Lucy
phones hopes of enna winning with their
strategy again not quite but yeah well
you know it didn't work before and you
know bubble of hurting is maybe a little
hair let him see but it's just it's just
not worth the shot yeah you already had
in the series so why would you do it you
showed it in this particular group that
is something that's your course knows as
well but we have to find out what's
going on now we don't have gas or
Lucifer prolly gonna call for the hike
on expansion again yeah
this is something he really likes to do
and it's it's got a lot of mind games to
it I like it yeah on the other hand what
is MC going to pull this game in the
last game he was a bit o actually saying
greedy wouldn't even give it justice he
just tried to go for a late-game build
and I was not expecting he played this
aggressive you play the style that most
process but if like MC is not used to
playing that that much like he usually
plays a more aggressive style and he
didn't face the normal push he faced the
one that supermarine happy that's why
when he put those forces on something it
was like whoa wait a minute I can't
actually fight that was elet's I needed
to I think he realized too late that you
need to force shield and pull back
before sealed and pull back and try to
get charged on 11 out then maybe could
have held but the big problem was
awesome and as that lets engaged all the
Marines by able to get a shot of evening
once 20 at chat behind the forcefield
notice that every time now players have
learned how to put theirs out on the
ramp if you hit the SUV one time in the
main the SUV's gonna die in a matter
without getting out so even before the
stock was out he killed at sv which is
pretty cool yeah and once again now at
the bottom right of the map we have the
bunker Felucia phone straight up exactly
what he we would expect from him except
for the fact that he suddenly starts
with the double command center here so
very different from what he played
against parting on this map against
parting it goes for double proxy
barracks play and against MC he turns
around 180 degrees and goes for double
comments in the opening yeah maybe I'm
she's expecting something a little bit
different I'm secretly also with this
one a gateway into expand so at this
point just going for a pretty standard
opening here and see not getting any
scouting information as something that
we pointed out earlier therefore he
doesn't know what's going on but you saw
the bunker so at least assumes well
you're going into an expansion but this
is heading into a more of a late game
scenario yeah now the double gas going
down one who added the two additional
barracks and the same is true for MC MC
now with a double gateway but still he
is of course it will be behind in the
economy if it is pay attention and I'm
wondering about MC man is he gonna add
the Robo now is he gonna add more gates
what's he gonna do yeah he has to make a
choice now so I the heavy k
we attack or you just start with your
tech so the resources for him are there
and well having a quick look at the
bottom we also see the open comment is
done the third open is really completed
oops MC he is starting to add additional
gateways one more needs one more if he
wants to do the big six gate but
otherwise you can just put five gateways
on and that's not an all in but it's
very aggressive needs to do some damage
yeah yes five gates in total now stem
has started for Lucifer on back at home
but he's gonna need a little bit more
time before he can actually get that out
oh this is not right needs to get back
he sees Emilio I know it's coming now if
he sees his probe with his Marines he'll
actually be able to know exactly calling
he sees it he starts additional bunkers
knows he puts it back really far here
which is pretty smart but he's going to
need he's gonna need a little bit more
yeah I feel like needs to make like
three bunkers right now I don't think he
realizes the seriousness of the
situation he saw the probe but he's
probably thinking oh yeah just some poor
gateway pressure it's five though it's
yeah I'll be fast I also feel like he's
massaging this little bit he's trying to
get more orders are to and his problem
is that stem is nowhere near to be done
so that will take a long time the bunker
the ground will definitely get a good
shot at the rocks and he sees that
there's a lot of damage going on there
go with the additional bunkers and I was
trying to get enough units out in time
also going for the supply depot blog but
this is really crucial right now this is
a lot worm see the army supplies 30
against 19 or with the next round of
warp ensign still group MC will be even
father I've got so many forests fields
available amazed also got the stock
account to get this real damage output
going now source orphan if you don't
sell its MC how long is gonna wait knock
at await second punker is doc ready here
the bunker at the ramp for his blitz
knocking I left a few second second
vodka is ready now it he needs
and that's what he does but there are so
many stalkers this is such a sick damage
output for him CDs way ahead and
overalls of life these guys are going to
be able to come behind the better align
if he wants to be more this one just has
way too much yeah a lot of writers but
the stem is not done just punch trying
to hold you're using recipes the freezer
doing sick damage to the ESPYs get
pulled off with the damage has been done
already this exact one MC 1 you can turn
around and go home if you want to at
this point but I don't think he's point2
he's warming up organiz he's just going
to end the game he wants to end it right
now and just look at the amount of units
that as he goes and there's no mind
going on at third the third command
center the third orbital doesn't do
Lucic on any good anymore he's trying to
get the units out but the last fucka is
not going to survive just even have stds
to repair it a force field on the RAM
not perfect but still delaying the units
and walking down and this has it i mean
at this point I feel we are going to see
gain three between you who's on and I
know he doesn't if no other way I triple
the work account 4411 no one on the last
of the Marauders here the others depots
look desperate there are desperate we're
gonna have to see OGG any second I don't
know what loose runs even in this game
for him or I guess he's just trying to
calm himself down where it goes out here
game number three because that's a GG
you